2FA User Guide Updates (#532)
magento/merchdocs: src/system/permissions-users-all.md

1. Under _Current User Identity Verification_, enter your user account password.

   {:.bs-callout .bs-callout-warning}
   With the _Account Information_ section complete, you can save the user. The new user will show in the _Users_ grid, but the user name cannot log in until a role is assigned.

## Assign a user role

1. In the left panel, click **User Role**.

   The grid lists all the existing user roles. For a new store, _Administrators_ is the only role available.

   ![Magento Admin - add new user role]({% link images/images/permissions-user-roles.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Add New User Role_

1. In the _Assigned_ column, select a user role.

   You can [view existing or define additional user roles]({% link system/permissions-user-roles.md %}). After a role is defined, you must edit the user account to assign the new role.

## Verify or reset 2FA provider(S)

1. In the left panel, click **2FA**.

   ![Magento Admin - add new user role]({% link images/images/permissions-user-2fa.png %}){: .zoom}
   _2FA_

> 1. Verify the 2FA solution(s) that are required for the user to sign in. Then, advise the user to install the required solution(s) before signing in to the Admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify the 2FA solution(s) that are required for the user to sign in. Then, advise the user to install the required solution(s) before signing in to the _Admin_.
```

Author: This is actually incorrect, because multiple solutions might be available, but only one is required. I'll fix it.

> 1. If the user needs to reinstall the 2FA solution, you can reset the current3 2FA configuration so they must repeat the setup process before they can sign in again. For example, the user might have a new smart phone and needs to reinstall Google Authenticator. To clear the user's current 2FA setup, click <span class="btn">Reset (Provider)</span> for each solution that you want to clear. When prompted, click **OK** to confirm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the user needs to reinstall the 2FA solution, you can reset the current 2FA configuration. This requires the user to repeat the setup process before they can sign in again. For example, the user might have a new smart phone and needs to reinstall Google Authenticator. To clear the user's current 2FA setup, click <span class="btn">Reset (Provider)</span> for each solution that you want to clear. When prompted, click **OK** to confirm.
```
